Why didn't you let me go to the city?
He must be worried about my weakness.
Afraid I'll get in trouble on the way
Something as big as marriage.
If I wasn't here
Do my relatives think I don't know about it?
No, I have to go to the capital to find him.
What does Hoang write on her letter?
You're welcome.
He wants me to go to the city.
I told you.
Okay, I won't tell you anymore.
I've got to go home and pack.
Hoang. Hoang.
Your Majesty.
Van Hieu is of course a filial child.
I would like to give a wedding gift to her.
I want to reward the family.
Your Majesty.
Your Majesty paid attention to the dragon's body.
I'm okay, I can't even die.
The country of summer.
It hasn't been delivered to Hoang yet.
This letter should be able to dispel my mother's worries.
I hope you can understand the child's situation.
Stay in the countryside.
Don't come to the capital to trouble me.
Van Hieu
Vu Hieu, this is our invitation to get married.
Inside are all the family members.
Do you have any family members with weight?
You fill it in.
Jen Nhi, you know.
My parents died.
Alone.
What if I don't have to see you?
I don't know where to go.
It's for the best.
I want to marry you.
In addition to appreciating your talent
It's just seeing you have no father, no mother.
There are no poor relatives no three no four.
Don't lie to me.
If you lie to me
My father will tear you to pieces.
I swear if I had half a lie
I pray that God's lightning strike will not die well.
It's the same.
Someone outside the palace asked to see Prince Li.
Do you have any guests?
No, it could be an old classmate of mine.
I'll take a look.
Be right back.
Mom, don't come.
I want to marry you.
In addition to appreciating your talent
It's just that you don't have those three.
Not four poor relatives, if you lie to me
My father will definitely teach you how to cut up a dead body.